Add tip about CLI executable configuration (#158)
astronomer/cloud-docs: docs/install-cli.md

./astro dev init
```

::: tip

To run the CLI more easily, we recommend configuring your local machine to run Astronomer CLI commands without needing to specify the absolute path to the executable file . You can do so in one of two ways:

- Add the directory you created for your Astronomer project to your `$PATH` variable. For more information, see [Linux instructions](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-add-directory-to-path-in-linux/#adding-a-directory-to-your-path).
- Create a symbolic link in your `bin` directory using a command similar to the following:

   ```sh
   sudo ln -s /source/path/to/astro /usr/local/bin/astro
   ```

>    If you're an existing [open source Astronomer CLI](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-cli) user, we recommend changing the name of this symbolic link to something other than `astro` (for example, `astrocloud`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you're an existing user of the original [Astronomer CLI](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-cli), we recommend changing the name of this symbolic link and creating an alias to something other than `astro` (for example, `astrocloud`).
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me! Thanks @paolaperaza !
